chore(doc): add initial Constituencies document (#7)
nodejs/next-10: CONSTITUENCIES.md

# Constituencies

> Document Status: Proposal, Work In Progress

## Context

> Having a clear idea of who are our constituencies will help us prioritize decisions as well as which features orchanges should be included in the project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having a clear idea of who are our constituencies will help us prioritize decisions as well as which features or changes should be included in the project. 
```
